{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21980\viewh17200\viewkind1
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 THAT SOUND\

\b0 Super awesome free download.
\fs24 \
\
Thank you so much for trying out our drum samples.  We know you will love these. When you buy the full version or deluxe version of these libraries you will unlock a world of amazing sounds and presets. (presets vary by library)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 USING 'THAT SOUND' SAMPLES\

\b0 \
All of our samples are mixed so that they will fit amazing into any song with little to no processing.  At the same time they won't box you into a sound. You can easily get more aggressive with compression/eq/distortion.  \
\
Our samples are organized by how a drum sample SOUNDS and not a generic name.  This allows you to quickly find samples based on "That Sound" you hear in your head\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 CONCEPT DRUM LIBRARIES\
\

\b0 \

\b ELEMENTS, CINEMATIC POP, DARK + CHILL, DRUMLINE, ORGANIC,
\b0  and 
\b FUTURE DRUMS
\b0  are built specifically for artist and producers.  However mixers will be able to use many of these samples in their songs as well.\
\
The producer samples are a variety of current and modern to vintage and throw back sounds.  There is a dynamic variety of Kicks from super large to tight and attacky.  Snares that are huge and verby to super tight.  Additionally some amazing uplifters, transition fx, claps, drum machines, and just plain banging-on-things-in-the-studio samples.  There are hundreds of one-shot samples in these packs.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b DRUMMER LIBRAIRES / ICONS
\b0 \
\
\
In addition to our fancy awesome name-association organization, our 
\b DRUMMER
\b0  samples by 
\b PAUL, DARREN, NIR Z,
\b0  and 
\b BEN
\b0  are put into 4 categories of samples.\
\

\b DRY:\

\b0 This is only the close microphones.  Perfect for tight drums on a record. (not all samples are available in dry)\
\

\b NAT:\

\b0 This is our personal "Natural" blend of the close microphones, drum overheads, and just a small touch of room mic.  These lively clean samples work in a multitude of situations.\
\

\b BIG:
\b0 \
This is our personal "BIG AND ROOMY" blend.  These samples are large and in charge, using all microphones with the rooms cranked.\
\

\b ROOM:
\b0 \
These samples are only the room mics.  Blend these with the DRY or NAT samples to get more width, depth and dirt.\
\
Some libraries have other mixes, like a secondary room sample, or vintage reverbs.\
\
\

\b USING WITH TRIGGER.\

\b0 \
We are a big advocate for Steven Slate's Trigger.  We feel its the best out there for replacing or augmentation of drum samples.  Here is a link:  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.stevenslatedrums.com/trigger-platinum.php"}}{\fldrslt http://www.stevenslatedrums.com/trigger-platinum.php}}\
\
You can download and use our FREE presets.\
\
We've set up some presets for you. The trigger presets vary depending on the library.\
\
\
\
\
Thank you so much.  We'd love it if you shared our website / video / or Facebook page with other producers, artist, and mixers.\
\

\b facebook.com/iwantthatsound\
iwantthatsound.com\
twitter:  @thatsounddrums\
instagram:  @thatsounddrums\
\

\b0 THAT SOUND LLC}